This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or
distribute this software, either in source code form or as a compiled
binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any
means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors
of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the
software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit
of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and
successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of
relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this
software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

For more information, please refer to <https://unlicense.org>

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Este es un software gratuito y sin trabas lanzado al dominio público.

Cualquiera es libre de copiar, modificar, publicar, usar, compilar,
vender o distribuir este software, ya sea en forma de código fuente o
como un compilado binario, para cualquier propósito, comercial o no
comercial, y por cualquier medio.

En jurisdicciones que reconocen las leyes de derechos de autor, el
autor o los autores de este software dedican todos y cada uno de los 
derechos de autor software al dominio público. Hacemos esta dedicación
en beneficiodel público en general y en detrimento de nuestros herederos
y sucesores. Pretendemos que esta dedicación sea un acto manifiesto de
renuncia a perpetuidad de todos los derechos presentes y futuros sobre
este software bajo la ley de derechos de autor.

EL SOFTWARE SE PROPORCIONA "TAL CUAL", SIN GARANTÍA DE NINGÚN TIPO,
EXPRESAS O IMPLÍCITAS, INCLUYENDO PERO NO LIMITADO A LAS GARANTÍAS DE
COMERCIABILIDAD, APTITUD PARA UN PROPÓSITO PARTICULAR Y NO INFRACCIÓN.
EN NINGÚN CASO LOS AUTORES SERÁN RESPONSABLES DE NINGÚN RECLAMO, DAÑOS
O OTRA RESPONSABILIDAD, YA SEA EN UNA ACCIÓN DE CONTRATO, AGRAVIO O DE
OTRO MODO, QUE SURJA DE, FUERA DE O EN RELACIÓN CON EL SOFTWARE O EL
USO O OTRAS NEGOCIACIONES EN EL SOFTWARE.

Para obtener más información, consulte <https://unlicense.org>

